video 0, segment 6 has 1 invalid frames
video 0, segment 17 has 1 invalid frames
video 0, segment 33 has 1 invalid frames
video 0, segment 52 has 1 invalid frames
video 0, segment 88 has 1 invalid frames
video 0, segment 100 has 1 invalid frames
video 0, segment 131 has 1 invalid frames
video 0, segment 139 has 2 invalid frames
video 0, segment 143 has 2 invalid frames
video 1, segment 56 has 1 invalid frames
video 1, segment 60 has 2 invalid frames
video 1, segment 68 has 1 invalid frames
video 1, segment 100 has 2 invalid frames
video 1, segment 113 has 1 invalid frames
video 1, segment 123 has 2 invalid frames
video 1, segment 125 has 1 invalid frames
video 1, segment 131 has 1 invalid frames
video 1, segment 153 has 2 invalid frames
video 1, segment 154 has 1 invalid frames
video 1, segment 165 has 1 invalid frames
video 1, segment 180 has 2 invalid frames
video 1, segment 197 has 2 invalid frames
video 1, segment 206 has 1 invalid frames
video 1, segment 214 has 1 invalid frames
video 1, segment 223 has 1 invalid frames
video 2, segment 14 has 2 invalid frames
video 2, segment 15 has 1 invalid frames
video 2, segment 16 has 2 invalid frames
video 2, segment 24 has 1 invalid frames
video 2, segment 25 has 1 invalid frames
video 2, segment 29 has 2 invalid frames
video 2, segment 30 has 1 invalid frames
video 2, segment 47 has 1 invalid frames
video 2, segment 59 has 2 invalid frames
video 2, segment 68 has 2 invalid frames
video 2, segment 72 has 1 invalid frames
video 2, segment 91 has 1 invalid frames
video 2, segment 103 has 1 invalid frames
video 2, segment 104 has 1 invalid frames
video 2, segment 105 has 1 invalid frames
video 2, segment 109 has 1 invalid frames
video 2, segment 112 has 1 invalid frames
video 2, segment 144 has 2 invalid frames
video 2, segment 166 has 1 invalid frames
video 2, segment 168 has 1 invalid frames
video 2, segment 169 has 2 invalid frames
video 2, segment 172 has 1 invalid frames
video 2, segment 178 has 1 invalid frames
video 2, segment 179 has 2 invalid frames
video 2, segment 180 has 2 invalid frames
video 2, segment 188 has 1 invalid frames
video 2, segment 189 has 2 invalid frames
video 2, segment 193 has 1 invalid frames
video 2, segment 196 has 2 invalid frames
video 2, segment 201 has 2 invalid frames
video 3, segment 9 has 2 invalid frames
video 3, segment 10 has 2 invalid frames
video 3, segment 18 has 2 invalid frames
video 3, segment 22 has 2 invalid frames
video 3, segment 45 has 2 invalid frames
video 3, segment 56 has 1 invalid frames
video 3, segment 58 has 1 invalid frames
video 3, segment 62 has 2 invalid frames
video 3, segment 80 has 2 invalid frames
video 3, segment 108 has 1 invalid frames
video 3, segment 115 has 2 invalid frames
video 3, segment 119 has 1 invalid frames
video 3, segment 128 has 1 invalid frames
video 3, segment 132 has 1 invalid frames
video 3, segment 137 has 1 invalid frames
video 3, segment 138 has 2 invalid frames
video 3, segment 148 has 1 invalid frames
video 3, segment 156 has 2 invalid frames
video 4, segment 25 has 1 invalid frames
video 4, segment 32 has 2 invalid frames
video 4, segment 52 has 1 invalid frames
video 4, segment 83 has 2 invalid frames
video 4, segment 85 has 2 invalid frames
video 4, segment 87 has 1 invalid frames
video 4, segment 97 has 2 invalid frames
video 4, segment 100 has 1 invalid frames
video 4, segment 112 has 2 invalid frames
video 4, segment 143 has 1 invalid frames
video 4, segment 150 has 1 invalid frames
video 4, segment 160 has 1 invalid frames
video 4, segment 198 has 2 invalid frames
video 4, segment 199 has 1 invalid frames
video 4, segment 201 has 1 invalid frames
video 5, segment 10 has 2 invalid frames
video 5, segment 32 has 1 invalid frames
video 5, segment 40 has 2 invalid frames
video 5, segment 69 has 1 invalid frames
video 5, segment 70 has 2 invalid frames
video 5, segment 88 has 1 invalid frames
video 5, segment 98 has 1 invalid frames
video 5, segment 157 has 2 invalid frames
video 5, segment 163 has 2 invalid frames
video 5, segment 186 has 2 invalid frames
video 5, segment 191 has 2 invalid frames
video 5, segment 192 has 1 invalid frames
video 5, segment 198 has 1 invalid frames
video 6, segment 1 has 1 invalid frames
video 6, segment 13 has 1 invalid frames
video 6, segment 22 has 1 invalid frames
video 6, segment 46 has 1 invalid frames
video 6, segment 70 has 1 invalid frames
video 6, segment 79 has 1 invalid frames
video 6, segment 89 has 1 invalid frames
video 6, segment 106 has 1 invalid frames
video 6, segment 108 has 2 invalid frames
video 6, segment 109 has 1 invalid frames
video 6, segment 111 has 1 invalid frames
video 6, segment 112 has 1 invalid frames
video 6, segment 125 has 2 invalid frames
video 6, segment 127 has 1 invalid frames
video 6, segment 128 has 2 invalid frames
video 6, segment 140 has 2 invalid frames
video 7, segment 9 has 2 invalid frames
video 7, segment 45 has 2 invalid frames
video 7, segment 46 has 1 invalid frames
video 7, segment 49 has 1 invalid frames
video 7, segment 86 has 2 invalid frames
video 7, segment 101 has 1 invalid frames
video 7, segment 106 has 2 invalid frames
video 7, segment 127 has 2 invalid frames
video 7, segment 146 has 1 invalid frames
video 7, segment 149 has 1 invalid frames
video 7, segment 152 has 2 invalid frames
video 7, segment 162 has 1 invalid frames
video 7, segment 166 has 1 invalid frames
video 7, segment 181 has 1 invalid frames
video 7, segment 183 has 2 invalid frames
video 8, segment 3 has 1 invalid frames
video 8, segment 9 has 1 invalid frames
video 8, segment 12 has 1 invalid frames
video 8, segment 24 has 1 invalid frames
video 8, segment 39 has 1 invalid frames
video 8, segment 41 has 1 invalid frames
video 8, segment 74 has 1 invalid frames
video 8, segment 81 has 2 invalid frames
video 8, segment 89 has 2 invalid frames
video 8, segment 112 has 1 invalid frames
video 9, segment 61 has 2 invalid frames
video 9, segment 86 has 2 invalid frames
video 9, segment 91 has 1 invalid frames
video 9, segment 107 has 1 invalid frames
video 9, segment 116 has 2 invalid frames
video 9, segment 160 has 1 invalid frames
video 10, segment 48 has 2 invalid frames
video 10, segment 57 has 1 invalid frames
video 10, segment 60 has 1 invalid frames
video 10, segment 92 has 1 invalid frames
video 10, segment 110 has 1 invalid frames
video 10, segment 133 has 1 invalid frames
video 10, segment 137 has 2 invalid frames
video 10, segment 140 has 1 invalid frames
video 12, segment 4 has 2 invalid frames
video 12, segment 6 has 2 invalid frames
video 12, segment 13 has 1 invalid frames
video 12, segment 62 has 1 invalid frames
video 12, segment 63 has 1 invalid frames
video 12, segment 87 has 2 invalid frames
video 12, segment 92 has 2 invalid frames
video 12, segment 101 has 2 invalid frames
video 12, segment 107 has 2 invalid frames
video 12, segment 117 has 1 invalid frames
video 12, segment 134 has 2 invalid frames
video 12, segment 142 has 2 invalid frames
video 12, segment 144 has 2 invalid frames
video 13, segment 11 has 1 invalid frames
video 13, segment 29 has 2 invalid frames
video 13, segment 45 has 2 invalid frames
video 13, segment 47 has 1 invalid frames
video 13, segment 51 has 2 invalid frames
video 13, segment 69 has 2 invalid frames
video 13, segment 72 has 1 invalid frames
video 13, segment 81 has 1 invalid frames
video 13, segment 82 has 2 invalid frames
video 13, segment 83 has 2 invalid frames
video 13, segment 101 has 1 invalid frames
video 13, segment 125 has 2 invalid frames
video 13, segment 130 has 1 invalid frames
video 13, segment 154 has 1 invalid frames
video 14, segment 20 has 1 invalid frames
video 14, segment 46 has 1 invalid frames
video 14, segment 66 has 1 invalid frames
video 14, segment 87 has 2 invalid frames
video 14, segment 88 has 1 invalid frames
video 15, segment 27 has 1 invalid frames
video 15, segment 67 has 1 invalid frames
video 15, segment 87 has 1 invalid frames
video 15, segment 101 has 2 invalid frames
video 15, segment 108 has 1 invalid frames
video 15, segment 126 has 1 invalid frames
video 15, segment 127 has 1 invalid frames
video 15, segment 145 has 2 invalid frames
video 15, segment 146 has 1 invalid frames
video 15, segment 167 has 2 invalid frames
video 15, segment 178 has 1 invalid frames
video 15, segment 181 has 1 invalid frames
video 16, segment 10 has 1 invalid frames
video 16, segment 20 has 2 invalid frames
video 16, segment 60 has 2 invalid frames
video 16, segment 63 has 1 invalid frames
video 16, segment 71 has 1 invalid frames
video 16, segment 83 has 1 invalid frames
video 16, segment 90 has 1 invalid frames
video 16, segment 103 has 1 invalid frames
video 16, segment 106 has 1 invalid frames
video 16, segment 109 has 1 invalid frames
video 16, segment 113 has 1 invalid frames
video 16, segment 119 has 2 invalid frames
video 16, segment 137 has 2 invalid frames
video 16, segment 164 has 2 invalid frames
video 16, segment 165 has 1 invalid frames
